W-17347755-FTP-2.0.1-Remove-timeBetweenSizeCheck-&-timeBetweenSizeCheckUnit-from-List-KS (#2750)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ftp/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/ftp-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

This release contains the following changes:

* The `mule-file-commons` module dependency is removed to make FTP Connector a standalone connector. 
* The *List* operation now returns the file path instead of the file content.

> * The `Time Between Size Check` and `Time Between Size Check Unit` parameters are removed from *List* operation, as the file content is no longer read. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *List* operation no longer includes the *Time Between Size Check* and *Time Between Size Check Unit* fields because the file content is no longer read.
```
